The overall concept for my project immerged from the idea of finding _seclusion and peace in isolation_. **Space** is the most isolated place humans have gone.  As a music producer, I am inspired by the chaotic and ever changing city that New York is. When I find a place that is calm and I am alone I can translate my experiences into music and I able to create worlds through sound.  I expressed my creative process metaphorical through this project in a playful way.  Today, I’d like to take you on a journey into space.

My goal with this project is to take the observer on a journey into space using CSS animations, sounds clips, and SVG.  The navigation will have three tabs: **“launch”, “space”, and “descend”**.  The first page will have a button that says “blast off” which starts the launch phase.  This will trigger the animation of the space ship going up into space.  I will create the space ship and backdrop using SVG and div tag shapes to create an aesthetically minimal design. You will see an animation of a space shuttle launching from the bottom of the screen to the top of the screen.  The user will then press the “space” tab to go to the next phase.  There you will see planets and stars in the sky.  These will be created using SVG.  By hovering over each planet you will hear a distinct sound clip.  I will use my music and sound design background to compose original 10-15 second sound clips that are unique to each planet that you can observe.  When the user is done in space they can click the “descend” tab to load the page to go back to earth.  This page will be an animation of the space shuttle coming back to Earth.  This again will be made with SVG shapes and div tag shapes.  The current screenshots are for reference and those images will not be used in the final project as SVG will replace those images.
